[Applause]
Hi listeners, welcome back to No Priors.
Today we're here with Nikesh Aurora, the
CEO of PaloAlto Networks. He joined
PaloAlto in 2018 when it was the nextG
firewall player and has since grown it
to six to seven times the size as a
leader as a platform security company.
Previously he was the SVP and CBO of
Google during its massive growth phase
from 2004 to 2014. Welcome Nikesh.
Nikesh thanks so much for being with us.
>> My pleasure.
>> Uh I don't know where to start because I
want to talk about AI. I want to talk
about security. I want to talk about
leadership. I do think given your
history growing Google as chief business
officer like we have to ask you what
what do you think is the future of
search and how threatened is it?
>> Nothing like a slow little lowball. I'll
welcome you to your show. up a little
bit.
>> This guy was at Google, too, at that
point in time, weren't you? So,
>> but I talked to him too much.
>> What did you think?
>> I think we should defer the question to
you as the expert.
>> Oh, look at that. He know put his own
mouth back. Have you do all the hard
work?
>> I think um the idea when when search
came about, I still remember going out
there and trying to sell search to
people and it was the oh my god, you
mean I can just go to the internet, type
something and I can get the answer. And
we spent two decades trying to get all
the information out there on the
internet so it was easily accessible to
people. And I think you saw the
benefits. You saw the benefits of, you
know, democratization of information.
Farmers in India could get stuff and
people get information. I think now
we're in age people saying great don't
give me all this stuff to sift through
myself. Try and make sense of all of it
for me because it's too much. And that's
what you're seeing in today's generative
AI models. So
I sort of in my own words I call that
democratization of intelligence. All of
us will have the basic intelligence
which every other person next to us has
because we can kind of go figure it out.
I don't have to hire the same people to
solve the same problem for me the
10,000th time and pay the money because
it's already been solved 9,000 999 times
and the outcomes on the internet
somewhere. I think to the extent that
Google has sharpened its sort of skills
on putting all that information
together, being able to synthesize it,
understand it, being able to interpret
my intention as an end user and try and
present me with the most likely outcome.
I think that should translate well to
the notion of generative AI being able
to summarize the same things in a much
more enhanced order way for them. So I
think from that perspective will they
have the ability to transition the
current search product into a future
product which is basically you know call
it what you want to call it you know ask
me anything or it's so funny like you
know when you worked at Google 15 years
ago Larry had that vision he used to
talk about getting to a point where you
answer my question answer my intent as
opposed to answer what I type so I he
had the foresight to talk about that he
used to talk about yeah so I think from
a product perspective
they are in a good position to be able
to transition the product to what the
end users need and you've seen that with
Gemini you see that with Chad GPT you
see that with other models which are
getting the same place let's not
underestimate the distribution power
there are two or three companies in the
world which have distribution of the
billions and whether it's Facebook with
all their properties or it's Apple with
their properties or Google the
properties so they have the distribution
they have the product chops they have
the AI chops I think the question bigger
question is how does the business model
transform from what it has been with
tend to link and ads being represented
against them and what's the new
monetization sort of that will come as a
result of that
>> it's likely to be agents or something
else in terms of starting to take action
>> yeah we can we can come there too but I
think because she has a search question
search is an advertising revenue
question so yes the question is how does
the advertising revenue morph into some
version of consumption or transaction
metric which because that's what it's
kind of that's the intent when I go say
what are the best blue pants in the
world it's not just not doing it for
academic interest I'm actually going to
transact so yes maybe an agent could do
this or know the fastest flight to get
to Rome. So the agent could do that and
we'll talk about agents in a second
because I think that's much more
disruptive than generative AI
>> and to that extent I think how they
transition the business model is going
to be interesting. I don't think anyone
knows what the business model is but all
I can say is that having been there and
admired what they do they do spend time
getting the product adopted first
>> and eventually when there is tremendous
amounts of distribution for the product
you find a model emerges. I remember how
the longest of years nobody quite knew
how YouTube was going to make money
>> and everybody was looking at Netflix as
the one who making money in streaming
and YouTube wasn't. I think YouTube is a
big ass business now compared to most
other streaming players in the world. So
I think they'll figure out how that
model transforms. I do think the agentic
>> challenge is a much bigger challenge
than the generative AI challenge.
>> What sort of challenge do you think that
is or how do you think that's going to
substantiate? Look the the idea that you
know if you step back you know we spent
30 or 40 years building products where
we focused on UI
>> right product managers are effectively
glorified UI managers who are trying to
make sure that us common folks can
interact with data and some sort of
engineering algorithm behind it because
we're not smart enough to talk to the
engineering algorithm ourselves. So you
go to Expedia, it's a bunch of boxes
we're supposed to fill in as humans and
it gives the answer to us because
without having us to write any search
query, SQL, XQL, whatever you want to go
find the information. Now
>> I think generative AI has made that
easier. We can talk to the UI and
natural language to some degree. It can
generate outcomes on the fly. So I think
to that extent I think all of product
development is going to change
>> with generative AI and this natural
language capability. Now if you take
that next step further and say I
actually don't need to come interact the
UI my agent can go do the task for you
>> and step back and think of that like you
know 50% of the application in the world
are some sort of transaction fulfillment
applications
if there are five I'm picking number I
think it's more than 5 million but if
there are 5 million apps on the iPhone
or the Android phone half of them are
trying to get you and I to interact with
the engineering algorithm and give some
data
>> if all those become agentic actions.
Mhm.
>> of an Uber agent. And the question
becomes,
>> who sits a top?
>> Yeah.
>> Who's the Uber?
>> And that's also a lot of Google's
traditional revenue at least on the
advertising side is direct response ads.
It's not the branding ad. So it it's
part of that business model in some
sense.
>> Yes, it is. And look, most direct
response is lead genen, right? In the in
marketing speak, it's lead genen which
eventually results in a transaction or
fulfillment of information request.
>> So at some level it is a precursor to a
transaction. People pay a lot more for
the conservated transaction than for the
lead. So maybe the business model
transition is stop giving me leads, give
me consummated transactions through
agents. Maybe I'll get paid more to buy
you the airline ticket directly than
have you be able to find an airline
ticket provider which is advertising
versus transactions. I think the
opportunity is there from a business
model perspective. But I think before we
go back to that stable world where these
business models have transformed, we're
going to go through a very disruptive
phase where a lot of these apps will be
rewritten and some of the some of these
apps we'll have to question are they
direct consumer apps or are they APIs
that AP or perhaps MCP client server
interactions we don't call them APIs
anymore which will actually consummate
that transaction. Who do you think is
most vulnerable? Wow. You guys don't ask
like simple question. He has to go for
the jugular on every one of them. Who do
I That's why you're such a good
investor.
>> Yeah, it's uh it's we're we're looking
forward to your insights on this stuff.
So,
>> no, I know. Look, I think the most
vulnerable people are where there is
poor loyalty to the UI. If it's just a
sort of thin front end to effectively a
transaction processing system in the
back, do you care who you get your
ticket to India? My wife is coming back.
Do you care who get your ticket to India
from? which airline or which which
travel entity or which travel UI perhaps
you don't you just want a ticket that
allows you to get on a plane get the
other side do you care who books your
reservation for a restaurant
>> so at some level where you're at the end
you're effectively a transaction
processing interface where you build
some degree of brand loyalty through a
whole bunch of sort of non product
experiences I think those become
vulnerable because
>> there there are um like several more
controversial
ideas that OpenAI is trying to prove
out. One now is the scalability of
consumer subscription and another I
think is
>> how does that work?
>> It well it's just like can you I think
it's actually quite surprising how many
people are paying subs for this
intelligence today.
>> Yes.
>> Right. Yes.
>> I think the other is actually and I want
to talk about the B2B side is that you
should get paid for thinking harder and
solving harder tasks in like a scalable
way. This is what they want. They want
to sell like work right to businesses.
What what do you react to work to
businesses?
>> I I think there's a view that the
traditional way that you sell most
enterprise software or products is like
it's a seat unit.
>> Yes.
>> Or it's some sort of like volume unit
like an appliance or something or a
coverage, right?
>> Throughput based. Yes.
>> And here um throughput traffic etc. Um
here the view would be like well if I
solve a really hard problem for you I
have a unit of work
>> it's essentially translating to a unit
of compute or sort of charging for value
and and so I think there's a strong
belief in some of the labs that they
should be able to charge for that.
>> How do you react to either of those
business model ideas because you're now
at Palo Alto in the business of selling
direct value versus ads.
>> Yeah. Okay. So are we pivoting from
consumer to business now? Are we go away
from the subscription because we went
off on the whole subscription idea of
the people base for subscription.
I think that is a bigger leap.
The bigger leap is in the consumer
world, we are much more tolerant of
inaccurate answers sometimes or not
perfect answers. How many times you go
to a search even today where you're
looking for something, you don't find
the right answer and you say, "Well, let
me look again." Oh, I I must have asked
the question wrong. Let me ask the
question. You probably do that in your
prompts in in sort of Chad GPT or Gemini
or pick your favorite, you know, LLM.
>> But in the enterprise world, there is
not that tolerance for an inaccurate
outcome. Especially if you get into the
agentic world, say, "Oops, sorry, I made
a mistake. I meant you to turn off that
server, not this one. Oh I blew up
a whole bunch of my enterprise because
you made the wrong gave me the wrong
answer, dear, you know, friend LLM." So
I don't I don't think we're going to I
don't think we're there yet to be fair.
We're there. None of us are giving
autonomy to any form of LLMs to create
any agentic task or do any work for me.
We're all using them with human and
humans in the loop for suggestions and
we're still sort of using the use cases
where we are okay with multiple answers
where we're actually having the humans
be it's almost like a glorified
assistant or better assistant or
somebody who's sort of a knowledge
worker who's summarizing a whole bunch
of information that I may not be able to
have from the outside. I don't think
we're getting into precision tasks.
We're not getting into precision actions
yet. So, look, if you can generate
precision tasks with accuracy, precision
actions with accuracy. Yeah, sure. Maybe
you can charge me for a unit of work.
But
>> I almost feel in the enterprise we're
going to go back to some version of
redefined for lack of a better word.
Let's call them AI as a service instead
of SAS.
>> Perhaps AIS.
>> Right. Sounds not as a term. Yeah. Yeah.
>> SAS wasn't a real term either. Sure.
Yeah. Yeah. Sounds even worse. But
anyway, it's like well imagine that
because you literally have to design the
enterprise workflow
>> end to end and see how I can do that
from an AI first perspective, right?
Perhaps like the likes of cursor or vip
coding apps today. They're trying to at
least look at a part of a developer's
workflow and say here's what you do.
Here's a bunch of tools that are can
help you through that journey dear human
and I'm going to see based on how you
use it over time. I'm going to get
smarter and smarter and be able to take
over more and more of what you need to
get done. So I think it's kind of like
it's kind of these are AI apps under
training when they grow up they're going
to take over more and more of our tasks
and allow the repetitive task to go away
so you can apply yourself to new unique
problems. But I think there's a long
time coming
>> if you if you look at a lot of the
platform shifts that have happened in
the past. So for example with Microsoft
OS they eventually bundled on top the
office suite right those were
applications that were running on top
they ended up rebuilding or buying them
bundling and cross-selling. If you look
at Google as a platform, it forward
integrated into the biggest areas of
vertical search. Yes.
>> Right. Travel and local and a variety of
other areas.
>> Um
>> but they're doing that in workspace too,
right? You guys begin to see Gemini show
up seeing Gemini show up and yeah,
exactly. So actually coding is a great
example, right? Open tried to buy
Windsor. Enthropic has claude. People
are trying to forward integrate there.
Claude also or Enthropic also mentioned
they want to forward integrate into
financial tooling right now.
>> Yes. Do you view this world as basically
the platform the big foundation lab
companies are likely to try and move
into the biggest business verticals
directly over time?
>> That's an interesting debate. So let
let's go back and see why. Look the
reason you're seeing that developers is
the first protocol because the more
they're the most likely to experiment
and to be able to work with halfbaked
outcomes like you give me 75% of the
code that I need I can parse through it
and figure out the remaining 25 because
that's what I do for a living. Mhm.
>> It's much harder to do it in other
professions where we're not fully sort
of in tune with all the guts of what
we're doing. So I think that's an
interesting place to start and over time
that workflow will go out into testing
and other parts of the software
development life cycle. So I think
that's kind of interesting. I've had
this conversation specifically with some
of the people who are driving some of
these larger LM businesses and you know
I remember the very first phone call I
made to to Thomas and we talked about
small models and large models and you
know he gave me good advice like don't
don't don't chase a cyber security model
but don't chase a small model because
these large models become so much
smarter
>> that the smaller models will not be able
to as smart be as smart as these things.
So, so I do believe
>> have a sage.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That was very good. And then
so we decided not to know there was a
member like the very early days one of
our competitors and now say they're
going to work on a cyber security. Now
if I go back and look I'm pretty sure
that sort of that was a great
announcement. I don't think anything's
come out of it. So we decided not to
chase that because it didn't seem to
make sense. That was pretty sage. I do
believe that after a point in time and I
think you and I talked about this right
before doing this. You were giving me
great insight that the models are
converging their reasoning capabilities
are converging. So if you believe all
these models are going to be extremely
smart but somewhat similar in capability
>> the question and I always say this to
people like look in the enterprise world
you know getting the smartest model in
the world is like hiring the smartest
PhD from the best university you can
find in the world
>> for that PhD to be useful at Palo Alto
we still have to teach them our ways
>> right because they're not going to be
useful when they walk in the door they
have to understand our context they have
to understand how we do things they have
to understand how to take our problem
and solves a problem. Now whether you
call that you know pharmaceuticals, you
call that genetics, you have to make the
model get smart about genetics very
smart model but you have to give it a
lot more training data in a particular
domain for it to become really smart in
that domain. So I think the the
interesting opportunity will be how can
we take these models and apply them to
domains where we have proprietary data.
Now developer use case is a it's a
generic use case. There's enough code
out there in the public domain that you
can actually get smart 90% smart coding.
There's not enough
>> genetic data out there in public domain
or pharmaceutical drug discovery data
out there public domain or cyber
security propriety out of the public
domain. So the question becomes how do
you take these models how do you take
that brain apply that to a domain make
it really smart. I think the challenge
right now is that if you're building a
wrapper effectively as an AI as a
service company and all your rapper does
is enhance the capabilities of a model
or put some guardrails around it then
your biggest risk is the model slowly
expands into those capabilities and
you're no longer in business. Now the
difference that those companies are
going to have from others who might
survive
>> are if you look at every SAS company
it's actually the packaging of a
workflow the system of record
>> right my HR system is a connection to
the workflow every employee knows
>> how to use that workflow and then it
every time it locks down a certain table
and say this is your system record this
is what Nesh gets paid this is when he
took holidays this is what his equity
looks like this is when he vests
>> it's less about the app it's more or
that data and that system of record. So
eventually if these apps have to live in
the long term they have to marry the
capabilities of AI which effectively
becomes an enterprise system of record
right a model is not going to become my
system of record it'll still be some
proprietary lock database somewhere or
some data tables pick your pick and
maybe the interaction mechanism is no
longer a workflow is some sort of agent
or some sort of AI interface which
allows that system of record to be
maintained and created but there still
has to be some rules so I think that's
kind of where the opportunity is as
compared to just putting a wrapper under
generic processing today I'm going to
help you analyze legal contracts well
guess what you know I ran my legal
contracts with chat GP it works just
fine
>> where are we actually given um your
visibility into enterprises and actual
adoption or value and use cases
>> so I think the the use cases where there
are two two current major use cases
right one let's call it what do you call
it generalized or perhaps cross
enterprise consistent activities right
generalized so
>> to have a legal team. Yes. Do you have
legal terms? Does every enterprise have
a legal team? Yes. Do they have any
particular proprietary knowledge
compared to you know particular pal?
Unlikely. It's more I need them for
legal advice not for palto advice. So in
that use case yes could we use a you
know Harvey equivalent or whatever those
are. Sure. It enhances their
productivity. They get their 50 faster.
Could I possibly in the future use some
sort of AI based interpretive app or
interpretative uh yeah application which
helps me process my accounts receive
accounts payable faster codify them sure
so I could so there's a whole bunch of
repetitive generic tasks across
enterprise which I'm pretty sure could
be done by some version of an AI wrapper
around LLM with some particular context
or my data sure so to that extent I
think we're all experimenting with those
things but my caution to my team is
don't try and build
Somebody's going to build them for all
of us. Be much cheaper to rent them
>> by some perhaps metric of work.
>> ASA
metric of work or or per seat maybe
agentic seat. I don't know. But there'll
be some mechanism that they'll charge us
on. But we don't have to build it
because it's going to cost me a lot more
to build my own,
>> you know, accounts payable, accounts
payable, smart AI system compared to
what I can buy off the shelf.
>> Is that what your customers believe now?
Like all the enterprises, the largest
ones.
>> I think many of them do because this is
not an easy problem to solve. Yeah,
>> like first of all finding the skill set,
finding people who understand this, you
know, living in this world of constantly
evolving models where if you keep by the
way, you know this better than me, like
there's no you can't take one model out
and take the next version and stick it
in. It works just the same way. This is
like getting a new PhD and training all
over again saying let me explain how we
work here. So from that perspective, I
think most rational players in the
enterprise space as in customers would
want somebody who's the expert to build
it and for us to have some version of
adaptability or adaptation to it and
make sure it's secure. Like none of us,
no enterprise customer wants their data
to be floating in a multi-tenant
environment saying, "Oh my god, my data
is training other people's data." Now to
the extent it's accounts payable, have a
good time, right? you know, you can
understand how I codify stuff, have a
good time. But to the extent it's
proprietary data, when I'm doing FDA
trials, I don't want my FDA trial data
training somebody else's data. So, but I
think they will earn the side of caution
and say, I want my instance to be
secured. So, I think we spend half our
time before we look at any of these
packaged AIS apps talking to them
understanding the security.
>> Mhm.
>> Like I don't want my source code to be
training somebody else's coding.
>> Mhm. app. So to that extent there's a
whole bunch of conversation. Is it
ringpest? Is my data mine? Are you using
it to train your model? Are you using to
train your system now? Yeah. And then we
spend a lot of time testing it to make
sure that they're not doing it. So a lot
of time and effort is spent there. Not
not every enterprise is as discerning.
We have to be cuz we're in the security
business. But I think you'll see some
version of stability and an acceptance
there that people will take these
generic sort of AI as a service system
or record sorry AI as a service apps
which are helping humans get better.
>> How do you think about that in the
context of um applications you think
that may make the most sense in the for
cyber security? So if I look at founder
activity,
>> there's more and more activity around
sock.
>> There's a lot of activity around
pentesting. Yes,
>> there's there's activity around a lot of
areas that are very human intensive in
some cases repetitive tasks which make a
lot of sense for this form of generative
AI to take over and then there's people
incorporating AI into existing products
like socket for sort of like a snick-
like competitor other aspects of um code
security.
>> I'm sort of curious from your vantage
point what do you think are the most
interesting areas of cyber AI? So I
think if you if you step back and think
about cyber security right there's a
world of cyber security which operates
and says this is the known bad I found
it let me stop it sure that's a good
thing I found a bad actor let me stop it
I found malware let me stop it
>> now to be able to stop
bad things from that that are getting
into your network you have to be
deployed every sensor
>> the first thing a cyber security company
says look I can't stop what I don't see
>> so I have to be present every edge,
every endpoint, every sensor of your
organizations. 5 years, we made a
conscious choice. Our strategy should be
to get to be in as many sensor places or
control points as we can.
>> Mhm.
>> So, we did that. You know, we have a
sassy product, we have an endpoint
product.
>> So, that's good. I think sensor business
will have to stay because if you don't
if you're not there, you can't find
anything. It doesn't matter. AI, I got
to be able to be there to find it.
>> And then sensors are pretty good at
stopping the known bad. Is it known bad?
I stop it. Well, most cyber security
breaches happen because the unknown bad
because we stopped all the known bad
every time you build a new company
saying well let me go. So everything
you're talking about is trying to find
the unknown bad
>> or a vulnerability which has left the
door open so bad guys can get it a
socket or sneak like competitor that's
trying to do.
>> Now in cyber security there are
companies which are the sensor. Now
sensor allows you to do two things. One
stop the known bad but also collect
valuable data to analyze the data to
understand what the unknown bad may be.
So we get benefit from both. We're at
sensor stopping the nonbat and we also
collect a lot of data. Traditionally
in cyber security people have been I'll
call it feature integrated from end to
end.
>> Oh let me sit at the endpoint. I'm going
to trap all the data around a particular
topic.
>> Mhm.
>> I'll take that data into the cloud. I'm
going to analyze the data and then tell
you oh my god I found something
suspicious. Here are five suspicious
things you should investigate. But the
problem is because I don't have context.
When the data passed my sensor, it's
gone.
>> Mhm.
>> So take a simple example. I send you an
email, a fishing link where you click
and you know when you go to the website,
I steal your credentials. Now I'm an
email security company. So I stop I at
the I see a bad email. I know how to
stop it. I don't know it's a bad email
and Elad clicks on it. Now you've gone
from my email product somewhere else in
the company, gone to the internet
through a firewall.
>> I have no idea what you did. So all I
can say is that link looks suspicious. I
clicked on it. Maybe you want to
investigate. Now no customer wants a
list of 5,000 things they have to
investigate. So people are busy building
these agents saying let me build an
agent to help you investigate this
investigate that. But I think
>> the better answer is if I had all the
context of the enterprise.
>> I can go mine that data to find what
actually happened. So we're taking the
different t. We're saying let's see if
we can consolidate all the data in the
enterprise. If we can, we can run a
whole bunch of machine learning
algorithms and do all these activities.
On top of that,
>> the the current startups you mentioned
are like startups that are trying to do
what AI rappers are trying to do around
LM
>> and over time we're going to get better
and better where we're going to squeeze
their capability over time that you
wouldn't need them.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And there's a few different
sets of them because there's also the
ones that are just trying to automate
human services that are associated with
the security world today. And so
pentesting would be one example where
you often hire external consultants to
help with that. Yeah.
>> Um so may be another one where
effectively you have this you know
you're you're basically looking at the
operating center across all the
different events that are happening and
trying to automate that. So it's a
little bit more of a
>> the reason you're trying to automate the
sock from the outside in is because
you're not running 10,000 machines out
at the ingestion point. Why should I
first collect all the data, analyze it
after I should analyze the data and
crosscorate at ingestion to make sure I
understand the bad things and I put them
up there and then say I am going to and
then build agents to investigate the bad
things.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, this is this is my my question of
no the the environment in a large
enterprise today is still very
fragmented, right? They're just doing
this, you know, pass the hat trick that
you're describing with all these
different tools. Hopefully they're very
dominated by yours,
>> but as a lot chosen by customers.
Dominated is a bad word. You've worked
once in a large company. You understand
in a highly competitive environment.
>> That's right. Yes,
>> of course. But uh but like you know, I
was talking to a friend who runs
security at a large financial and he's
like we have 100.
>> Does he want some cyber security?
>> He he's definitely got some help on he
wants more.
>> But he's got 118 identity tools, right?
I didn't think there were 118. identity
crisis.
>> There we go.
>> You go. Got to try it.
>> So, he bought an identity company to
solve that. You're all right.
>> Um maybe the answer is just make it all
cyber ar. But I I think his view is like
it's like just untenable for me to
consolidate all of this in the near
term. Yes.
>> And so I'm going to attach something
after which does the human
consolidation. Yes.
>> Like the silk automation thing, right?
>> Yes. The interesting part is we're the
youngest industry in technology because
cyber security did not exist before
connectivity came about.
>> Nobody had to like you know you were in
a mainframe you sat in the office you
connected the main frame to a pipe into
the back end and you're off to the
races. So nobody actually was going to
come and intercept your traffic now
>> scary before the web. Yeah
>> that's right. So now the web and
applications out there made it serious.
A 25-y old industry.
>> So every time a bad problem showed up
somebody built a point solution to solve
that problem. Mhm.
>> So it is a fragmented architecture. It's
a fragmented environment. There's a lot
of data being used and analyzed multiple
times by multiple vendors because they
were needed for that point in time. But
like any industry that capability
commoditizes over time, right? There's
no genius in building a firewall. Every
firewall within plus or minus 10% does
the same thing, right? Some things do it
better. The question is what do you add
on to? What capabilities can you build
beyond that? So if you believe that sure
on a cash 80% of the capabilities are
going to be capabilities that even most
companies still don't have and they can
be delivered in one platform on the
other 20% we can put add-ons but over
time you know we will eventually come
and gobble those up because there'll be
a new 20% though until one year ago
nobody was talking about AI security
right
>> now there are probably more companies
than you can count who all show up at
El's house please give me you so please
give me some money I'm starting a cyber
security company for AI I do promise
injection. I do malware checking on on
models. I do model data poisoning.
Agentic attacks. None of the things
existed.
>> So of course you'll find people building
features to protect against those
because we're too busy still fixing the
problems the last 5 years where the mass
market problems are. So I think over
time what you'll see is the the platform
approach is going to sort of eat into
this feature approach that's happening.
And you know there are companies with
cobalt code out there as well. So 118 ID
vendors sounds like a lot. I didn't know
there was 118 vendors to be honest. He
might have been cyber security vendor
which I can believe which is also a lot.
>> Uh what new problems from AI do you
actually pay attention to? You say like
this is going to be a mass market
problem.
>> Look I think if you if you back up and
read our own dog food believe our own
rhetoric. If you believe your own
rhetoric, then I as a bad actor should
be able to unleash agents against an
enterprise, against every aspect of it
and figure out where the breachable
parts are or where the holes are.
>> Mhm.
>> In a quick, you know, matter of minutes
or less than an hour.
>> Yeah.
>> And I should be able to point my attack
towards that vector. I could should be
able to run simulations on how should I
attack this thing and I should be
getting excfiltrated data. Now you know
when I started seven years ago the
average time to identify a target get
through it and excfiltrate data was in
the three to four day
>> time frame.
>> The fastest we've seen right now is 23
minutes. So if you're if the bad actor
can get in and out and exfiltrate data
or shut down your endpoints with
ransomware in under an hour.
>> Mhm.
>> Then by physics your response time has
to be less than an hour.
the average response time is still in
days. So from that perspective, the
biggest threat that AI brings is that
continues to compress the timelines to
be able to come, you know, either shut
down your business, cause a compromise,
cause ransomware, cause economic
disruption. If that's what it is, I
think the pressure just went up higher
on our customers to get their their
infrastructure in order. So that's the
that's the risk and the opportunity.
Yeah, I I think a lot mentioned
pentesting which hasn't traditionally
been like a very strategic part of the
security landscape.
>> Yeah, pentesting is just to knock down
at every part of your defense. I think
half the companies don't do pentesting
because they're scared of what they'll
find.
>> Yeah, they're doing some minimum
compliance level. But I think from a
technology perspective to your point
like what is pentesting is trying to
attack the area. There are companies
like run civil now that do this. They
can do it continuously in the 23 minutes
you describe and I'm like that's exactly
what an attack 7x 24x 365 at Pala. We
don't have we don't hire third party
people. So what you're talking about as
a company, we run that
>> as a default cuz that's our existence.
If we get compromised, we get breached,
we have a problem.
>> Yeah.
>> You mentioned email. Um I think it's
like a well-known issue that a lot of
the breaches they happen because of
social engineering, because of email,
because you know
>> credential takeover. 89% of the attacks
happen because of credential theft,
>> right?
>> Somebody becomes you or me. So people
like us are not getting any smarter and
now you have models like you try 1% 1% a
day right but but you you know now how
concerned are you about like deep fakes
and generated spear fishing and you know
voice attacks and all that stuff
>> so to the extent they enable the act of
social engineering
>> yes those are concerning because I think
most forms of two-factor authentication
are going to be you know out of the
window I
won't say which bank is going to go call
it. But I call them and they say, "Oh,
can you please confirm your identity?"
And they ask me three arcane questions
which I'm pretty sure GPT or Gemini will
be able to answer in subsecond because
they're they're only scouring the web to
find public information about me and ask
me questions. So I think all those forms
of authenticating who you are are
getting in easier and easier to
compromise. So the question becomes so
let's so the problem you have to figure
out is you can solve it their way or our
way as in the way they're looking at it
or the way we're looking at it. At the
end of the day every one of these social
engineering attacks credential takeovers
eventually initiates some bad activity
in the enterprise.
>> Mhm.
>> And the bad activity in the enterprise
often takes the form takes on the form
of what I will call anomalous behavior.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. Suddenly Sarah decided to
exfiltrate all the data in Elad's
company. Even though she used to do
email with him every day, today suddenly
she's logged in and she's downloading
everything onto her laptop.
>> This actually happened last week.
>> Thank you. Great deal flow.
>> Is there nothing suspicious in that?
>> That sounds pretty suspicious. So I can
spend my time trying to make sure that
nobody can take over Sarah's identity or
I can make sure that if you know Sarah
doesn't act
>> anomalously and if she does then I throw
in a block at that point in time. Mhm.
>> So, I'm looking at life the different
way. That's why we're buying this
identity company because identity
companies today say, "Oh, I checked you
in the door. You're fine."
>> And now you can roam anywhere in my
entire enterprise and do whatever you
want because you were you were checked
into the door. Well, that kind of that
doesn't work anymore. I have to make
sure that I now today compute and data
and AI is going to allow us to analyze
all the anomalous anomalous patterns.
And if I could say that that's pretty
weird. She would she never done this in
last seven years. Why is she doing this
now? Does she have the rights to do it?
And I could do just in time rights. I
can stop you from accessing this stuff.
So you have to change the name of the
game. You can't do it the same way. So
the whole idea of us buying an identity
company is to think about life saying
stop giving people persistent rights.
Give them just in time rights. Give them
rights which are analyzing for an
anomalous behavior. In fact, what I want
to do is I'm like actually don't need
you to give me a second factor
authentication. I can see the way you
type
>> and if your identity starts typing
differently, I'll block you.
>> So, one of the things you've done
incredibly well at Palo Alto over time
is really starting with the core set of
products and then expanding and really
providing both the platform and the
add-ons that you mentioned. Was that
something that you came into the company
knowing that you wanted to do? Is that
something that you ended up adopting
over time? I'm a little bit curious how
you thought about that puzzle.
>> Well, Eli, you and I have worked
together before and I remember, you
know, you had Google, a smart young man,
and that hasn't changed. You know, I
came to Pal and I just analyzed a
business problem. You know, the product.
So, you know, I came with two things.
One, I understand business. Two, you
>> know, Larry told me many years ago that
if a technology company loses sight of
the product,
>> it decimates over time. That's been true
across technology. You can pick your
take your pick across the, you know, the
the tons of companies which haven't made
it. The business problem in enterprise
is eventually, if you look at a
enterprise company less than a billion
dollars in revenue,
>> Mhm.
50 to 65% of cost is cost of sales,
marketing and customer support
>> which leaves no room for margin. If you
look at the largest enterprise
companies, that number goes to 30%. So
actually, it's all about taking that 70%
bring it down to 30 because R&D GNA
don't change a lot past a billion to 10
billion or 100 billion. You still
maintain 12 to 16% of R&D cost and you
still maintain you if you're if you're
like
>> efficient like some of the large players
in the market at 4% GNA or you're at 6
or 8%. So your maximum leverage comes
from sales and marketing, customer
support and marketing. And you realize
what is that? That is the ability to
convince one customer that you're really
good at what you do and be able to
expand in that customer's environment
with that trust that you can do more and
more things for them. So that's the
insight I came in with saying why is it
that you know Sarah's friend has 118
vendors who's
>> in the infrastructure because each of
them gets vetted. This is security. It's
not like like buying some like random
thing on the side. There's a big
procurement process and
>> and there's a testing process, right?
Because you could be a badge security
actor and it could take my whole
enterprise down. So if you go through
that entire process of validation,
verification and trust, why shouldn't I
take that right that the customer has
given me earn their trust and expand my
capabilities across the platform.
>> So that's the insight we came with and
realized, you know, we walk we sell
firewalls. Hey, you want a firewall? No,
I'm sorry. I'm good for the next 5
years. Oops. I had a sales guy who was
focused on the account that was his
target. He spent three months getting a
meeting, going through the process. Now
he doesn't have anything to sell him.
>> So okay, you don't want a firewall, you
want this,
>> you don't want, you got this, you want
this. So eventually enterprise sales
people have to have enough
>> of an offering set that allows them to
be able to sort of present something to
the customers. Good news is in cyber
security there's always some
transformation going on because some
technology is coming to its end of life
form and the company hasn't innovated
and you're off to the next set of
companies. So that's the insight that
came that yeah it's a great insight and
if you actually look at the margin
structure for some of these things that
you mentioned sales customer success etc
or support a lot of those things now
have AI apps that are um making people
dramatically more efficient.
>> What do you do you view the future of
those sort of functions being very AI
enabled and AI heavy or how do you think
about that transformation across
companies like Sierra Decagon Rocks and
others?
>> Yeah, I think I'll answer the first half
the question. The second half is your
domain and Sarah's domain. I'm going to
leave you to answer that question for
him because I don't know the answer to
the other companies. But
>> I think look if if you fundamentally
look at it and look at organizational
efficiency perhaps perhaps the best word
people are scared of AI based
efficiency.
>> I seriously doubt that an AI agent will
convince the CIO or see so faster than
my human that goes and hangs out with
him and shows him the product. So I
think my sales teams are very happy in
their existence. They don't believe
they're
>> imminently threatened by AI. So that's a
good thing. Interestingly on the product
development side I think people will be
>> just to come back to that sorry I
interrupt you but uh there's other forms
of sales enablement you know uh a deck
per customer that you customize or
>> yes sort of SDR sort of those are
marginal that's process efficiency which
will come through it but you know guess
what before we get there I'm probably
going to need you know 15 AI savvy
people to build the workflow because an
AI model is not just going to spit out a
palatoto sassy proposal by itself. It's
going to be have to be trained.
>> Do you think that's customer segment
specific in terms of leverage you can
get? So a lot of people think for
example the SDR level seller where
you're sending a bunch of emails out or
you're sort of cold calling or doing
things like that where it's a lower ACV
customer.
>> Yeah. But I think that's only one side
of it, right? Like if you stick to SDR,
we'll go back to the other problem in a
second, but stick to SDR.
>> What point in time does my email start
getting read by an agent which is called
the block all SDRs. block all people
trying to sell me because I'm
overwhelmed by the number of people who
think they should write to the CEO
because they have some company which has
five people who automating something. I
think there's a
>> that's interesting. Does that actually
decrease the effectiveness of those
sales teams over time then? In other
words, if effectively have agents
screening things, does that create a
block for certain types of sales leads?
>> Well, I think the question the sales
lead is the
>> isn't the issue, right? The question is
generally either I have a need,
>> I know it.
>> In which case hopefully my
>> blocking agent knows my needs and
eventually says, "Ah, you know what?
Actually, we've been looking for this
thing and here's an email which
satisfies our thing. So maybe that'll do
it."
>> Or uh as we do in marketing, you never
need a new watch and you never need a
new car, but you just buy it because
somebody put in front of you. I don't
think it happens that way in enterprise.
So we can't generate demand for
something we don't normally have a need,
but sometimes you can in cyber security.
So look, I think those will be marginal
efficiency outcomes because
>> how many STRs do you have? Eventually
you do the selling. We do lead
generation. We're in a large enterprise
business. We go large rigorous testing
process. So yeah, I can get a phone
call, but if my product doesn't show up,
>> then it doesn't matter how good the lead
was.
>> Yeah,
>> it's interesting because I haven't
thought of it as just like becoming, you
know, if we have agents doing this sort
of low-level communication first, it
just could become a more efficient
market for finding the problem match,
right?
>> Yeah, maybe. So I think if you go back
to like the organizational efficiency
question, I was talking to my CFO this
morning. I was like, when are you going
to take a whole bunch of stuff that
you're doing with human beings and
replace them with some some form of you
know at least 50% efficient
>> agentic analytics or apps. So I think
we're going to get there. I think the
max replaceability will be in let's call
it administrative areas. I have 200
people doing documentation. Do I really
need 200 people doing documentation? If
models can do 90% of the work, they
probably need AI savvy people to write
the guard rails around these models and
templates and they can print them. So,
>> we'll find some efficiency. You know,
pick your number. Two, 300, 400 basis
points of efficiency. The larger you
are, the better you are because you're
going to make save more money.
>> I think sales doesn't change as much.
>> I think product innovation is the better
companies will innovate faster.
>> I have technical debt. I'd love to get
rid of a whole bunch of Salesforce code
or a bunch of SAP code that I have and
get it more efficient. I can't find good
people to go to it because nobody wants
to work on it,
>> right? They're all working on AI. So,
can I get some version of, you know,
agentic AI apps that are going to get
rid of, you know, a few hundred of those
people? Great. So, I can get
>> inefficient
product development ideas out of there,
but I'm not going to let go of any good
product person because I'm going to get
them to move faster because that's my
competitive edge. So, I think we won't
see as much attrition
>> in the VIP coding outcomes or the
product development outcomes. you'll
just see faster innovation.
>> So basically the statements of AI
displacing all of human labor and that's
very overstated from your perspective
relative to
>> I think on those two segments is I think
customer support will have to go through
that revolution and what I mean by that
is I always joke internally I tell my
people customer support exists because
we build bad products.
>> If you have great products why would you
have to have customer support? It's
complicated. It's hard to on board. It's
got too many dials and that's why it
takes me so much time to make it and
then eventually it's not efficient.
>> Yeah.
>> So we have most recently moved customer
support closer to our product teams. I
told my product teams the day you have a
bug or the day you have a customer issue
because a product is fix that before you
build a new feature. So I I think in
concept from a northstar perspective
>> we should be able to take 80 90% of
customer support out in the next two to
five years across the landscape. That's
what every good company should aspire to
do. And when you take it out means your
product quality should get better. If
I'm really using a good VIP coding
agent, why shouldn't it write better
code? If it's writing better code, why
shouldn't it find flaws in my code much
sooner? Why shouldn't it run
simulations? So, I'm expecting product
quality gets better. I'm expecting the
fixes come faster. I'm expecting that,
you know, we can diagnose the customer's
problem with data as opposed to humans
calling asking all those questions. So
>> yeah,
>> I think there's a lot of anxiety from
engineering leaders that the product
quality is not likely to get better.
There's just going to be way more of it
>> because
>> more bad quality product or more
>> more just more product,
>> right?
>> That doesn't mean it has to be bad
product.
>> That's fair. Yeah. I I think the the the
combination of generated code that
people are not fully understanding from
an architectural point of view fully
reading and reviewing and that volume
overwhelming like the processes that we
have today in software development is an
anxiety and
>> let's
let's bar that for a second. It is the
worst right now that it's ever going to
be.
>> Exactly. It's only going to get better.
>> So,
>> you're the most optimistic security
person I know. That's great. Is that am
I restricted to be optimistic and
security?
>> Well, I just it's not like a super it's
not a super optimistic group. I'm just
saying
>> look I think at the end of the day being
one of them we have to do best we have
to do best job what we can and then
eventually life takes over. So it's fine
but I think from a from a quality
perspective
>> anecdotally I have seen examples which
have huge promise. I've seen
>> a coding agent find a vulnerability in
security code at Palto which we wouldn't
have found unless it was out in the wild
which is a good thing for us. I've seen
it take 500 lines of code and and come
back with 75 lines of code which would
been much more efficient in in doing the
task that 500 lines of code is doing.
I've seen it come back with code
explanability which was written 15 years
ago. We can't find the person who wrote
it. So there's some amazing examples of
what the art of the possible is. Now if
that's just what we get today, I think 1
2 3 years from now that stuff's going to
get better and better. So from that
perspective, do I believe product
quality gets better? 100% believe that
product quality gets better. I don't
think there is any debate in that topic
right
>> now. It doesn't look
>> there is no solution for stupidity in
the world. So if you don't have good
people
>> reviewing this stuff, then yes, you can
end up with bad outcomes. Not because AI
is bad, it's because you didn't set up
the right guard rails, the right process
to do it. So I think we're going to get
good quality outcomes. I think we're
going to see better and better
capability. I think the most vulnerable
area in any enterprise are large
amounts of humans doing repetitive tasks
>> which are either generic which is the
easiest to replace because everybody's
doing them. We don't need to them or
even if they're specific and hypertical
mass if I have 2,000 people in customer
support I should be able to optimize a
lot of that and hopefully deploy those
people in much more meaningful things. I
imagine I have a child, you have
children. Do you really want them to
grow up and become customer support
people and say every time what do you
do? I just pick up the phone and listen
to somebody grumbling at the other end
because something they bought is not
working. That sounds like a really
horrible job.
>> So I think those jobs should go away.
What's wrong with that?
>> And they don't have the power to fix it.
>> Yes, that's worse. It's like you know
getting punched in the face and not
being able to punch back. So somebody's
taught them customers always right.
>> Mhm.
>> Can we talk a little bit about
leadership? You're very unique leader.
So this is a time of like at least a
handful of companies growing very
quickly uh because they create value
>> do trades in billions of dollars.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh well and like you know an
optimist myself I'd say like
>> AI rappers or not they're creating a lot
of value and consumers and enterprise
are buying very quickly.
>> Google from 2004 to 2014 Palo Alto 7
years in.
>> You've added like the size of a Palo
Alto originally every single year since
in terms of enterprise value. That's
wild. Like what what makes you a great
leader in terms of growth at scale? Like
what do you what what advice do you have
for some of these people who are like
Dennis Book of World Records in terms of
growth the first few years?
>> I look if you step back it's interesting
every business that you've identified or
you've looked at we've talked about has
a much larger TAM than any of these
companies is able to touch. The the the
markets are growing. you have the
opportunity to take share and grow in
that market. So I'm a huge fan of growth
businesses. I hate the idea of going
restructuring something which is on a
declining curve. It be sort of scare me.
So it's good to find the right market
from a growth perspective.
>> I think um I always have this principle
but nobody wakes up the morning and goes
to work to screw up or he wakes up, oh
I went on my worst job possible.
No chance in hell. You know, you can
find people you can get a group of
people together. They can be innovative
as hell and go put, you know, a rocket
into space faster than NASA. These are
all humans. They're all people out
there. There's no difference in many of
them than people who work at Palto or
the people who work at Google or
elsewhere. So what creates the
difference between great companies and
companies that are not uh as good
because I'd say within reason the people
>> you can find those people in every
company. I think it boils down to
understanding the market, setting the
right northstar, getting enough buy in,
talking about the why, not just the what
you need to get done, and getting people
really excited and bought into it, and
then
making sure they have the resources to
get their task done. If you do that,
then my job is to like set the strategy,
set the northstar, put the right people
in place, and then basically act as
their shield and keep blocking bad
things or friction from slowing you
down. So if you can do all of those
things in a way, you know, there's a
high probability you can create good
outcomes. Never guaranteed.
>> Are there any unique structures or
approaches or tactics that you do that
go against the grain? We've talked to
Jensen a few times and he's pointed out,
for example, he has like 40 direct
reports. He doesn't do one-on- ones. You
know, it's a
>> I actually read that. I actually tried
>> I actually expanded my staff meeting
from 8 to 25 after I read that. So
>> it's interesting and it solves a
different problem. At least for my case,
I've discovered that I'm not always sure
that these people communicate the why to
their teams. So at least eliminates one
level of confusion. Why does he want
this? Oh, actually I heard him directly.
This is what he wants to get done.
Because sometimes, you know, you have
this notion of you have to be player,
you have to be coach, sometimes you have
to be directive, sometimes you have to
be, you know, encouraging. It's like
we're going to climb that mountain. We
are going to climb that mountain. And
it's like, you know, if you go back so
we're going to climb a mountain promise,
people end up on that one. So it's
important for people to understand the
communication parts. And I've discovered
that communication actually is
underrated in organizations. And usually
the way I do my sort of call it 360
degree test
>> is I meet 50 employees every two weeks
and ask them questions.
>> Mhm.
>> Then I discover, oh my god, these people
are asking questions which I thought was
abundantly clear why we're doing this,
what we're doing this for. discover
eventually that by the time you get to
the person four or five, you know,
levels removed from you, they actually
don't understand exactly why we're doing
certain things. They have fundamental
questions around what we're doing and
that causes them to do it differently or
not do it. So that becomes sort of an
issue of communication,
talking to people, making sure they're
all bought in.
I think from a business strategy
perspective,
>> we've taken a very different approach to
M&A,
>> right?
>> We bought 27 companies
>> so far. We're about to buy our largest
one if we get approval, get it done.
>> And I don't call it M&A. I call it
product development and research in a
highly innovative market where all of
you guys are kind enough to support.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh innovation.
>> It's distributed R&D. Exactly right.
Distributed R&D. We
>> we're in this service for you.
>> Well, you guys do reasonably well for
that. So, you know, you can say thank
you and I can say thank you. I say it's
like if you don't win and I don't win.
If you don't win, I don't win. It's
fine. So, we're happy to be in a
situation where you get to a certain
stage and we get it past that stage and
take it to scale because
>> I don't believe we have all the smarts
in the world. There are lots of smart
people out there who are trying to solve
different problems and I don't believe
we can solve all the problems
simultaneously. Take AI. You know, we
started off saying, "Oh my god, when AI
gets deployed, enterprise going to want
to make sure that their AI instances
sequestered and controlled and managed
because they don't want data leaking.
They don't want, you know, external
input. So, we built effectively what we
called an AI firewall." So, great
>> and we discovered this company, you know
what, people actually trying to figure
out these models that they have are
hackable, have malware in them. So, we
weren't doing that. We were just
protecting them once they were in there.
>> So, there's a company called Protect.ai,
which was actually assessing models.
They were doing persistent red teaming
against the AI models specifically, not
just the enterprise because
>> you know going back to your comment of
red teaming
>> models morph their responses are non
nonpredictable nondeterministic. The
same model could answer the same
question one way today and could answer
it differently one week later because it
learned. Now if you start getting
non-predictive responses you have to
inspect all the responses to make sure
none of them is malware.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So from that perspective we do
persistent red teaming of models. We do
scanning of models. So They said, "Oh
we haven't done it." We found this
company and we said, "Thank you very
much the VC community for delivering
that from an R&D perspective and put
them part of our platform." So we do
rely on like you said R&D as a service
uh from the VC community and that's been
very helpful but we always go for number
one or number two. We never believe that
you can take three or four and spit and
shine and make it look like one or two
because one or two don't go away. They
treat as one or two for a reason. M
>> uh we more often than not make the
leaders of the acquired
companies the leaders of our business
because we believe they've acted faster
than us in a much more resource
constraint environment shown tremendous
amount of resourcefulness and hustle to
deliver the outcomes in innovation. So I
think from that perspective we probably
have a higher hit rate in the industry
than most other M&A that has happened in
the enterprise space. So I think we do
that differently.
>> Yeah. you at the beginning with Palto
and continued today like have been
perhaps more ambitious than any other
security company.
>> Uh I think that's right. Um how do you
how do you convince an organization to
be more ambitious because you know you
my understanding of the cyber industry
before is you had like endpoint
businesses and firewall business very
sort of domain specific right
>> I don't think you have to convince
humans to be more ambitious I think
we're natively and naturally
>> ambitious like you meet somebody saying
do you can you do more I've never heard
someone say I think I'm done
>> like everybody says I want more I can do
more like we live in a consumptive
society we're taught to aspire for more.
So I don't think it's hard to make
people at Palatoto feel that we we have
the right to play at a bigger table on a
constant basis and people actually like
the idea of ambition and aspiration and
winning like you know trust me if our
stock wasn't up six or seven times last
seven years a lot more people internally
would have questions on our strategy
than they have now. So I think it's a
self-fulfilling prophecy. It's a good
thing across the board. But
>> I think more fundamentally if you step
back,
>> our industry is not fully formed. It has
118 vendors is fragmented.
You know, you take a look at the CRM
industry, look at the ERP industry, look
at the HR industry. These things operate
on single platforms, right? Nobody has
two Salesforces deployed in the
enterprise. Nobody has two workdays
deployed in the enterprise. Nobody has
two SAPs deployed in the enterprise.
Why? Because you need end toend
visibility, a singular workflow, a
singular set of analytics to solve the
problem.
>> Our industry has started off because oh
my god, we have a threat block the
threat, you know, don't worry. Yeah. So
like we're playing whack-a-ole. So the
point is as I said over time as these
requirements normalize
they somewhat sort of you know what do
you say converge in the capabilities of
vendors then how does it matter if you
take from one versus the other and what
what becomes more important you know all
these platform companies I talked about
it's not like they have unique features
on a feature by feature basis compared
to the competitors over time those have
normalized but what they do have they
have an end toend visibility and
capability that integrates the
functionality that's why they're there
so if cyber security has to survive in
the long term as a mature industry we
also have to become sort of a singular
enterprise platform if you believe that
we're nowhere there right we've taken we
used to have 24 products when I came we
had four when I came we took it to 24 we
had 44 magic quarter and stop right
mentions we've turned that into three
platforms I say you know if you're going
on a journey with us it's going to take
you two to three years to get a platform
deployed with three right now because
had we said one oh my god oh my god your
friend can't go from 118 to one like
bogg his mind.
>> So let's let's take him to three first
or one or three and hopefully get him to
the next one. We get him a third one.
>> So I think the idea from our
perspectives if we can become the
platform of choice in the industry
that's a very big ambition very big
northstar but you know it's like you
don't get there if you don't start
>> maybe when you look forward both okay
Palo Alto cyber security AI three
questions what keeps you up at night do
you think most about
>> I think most about AI not
I'm glad we think about certainly
something you do, right? I think more
about AI from the vantage point that
if our view of the world how of how this
is going to evolve
is not within the guardrails of where
it's going to be we may end up taking
polo alto in a different direction
because remember we exist
to help you secure technological
advancement in a certain direction
before you fully deploy it
>> I want to give like you know today our
conversation with some of the cloud
providers was how is everybody thinking
about agent? I'm supposed to secure
agents.
>> The problem is I can't get one person to
agree with the other person's definition
of an agent. I'm like, what's an agent?
Well,
>> are you going to use MCP protocols to
deploy? Well, no, we just have
connectors. What's a connector in in an
LLM? A connector is effectively API
call, microservices call. Why are you
using API calls? It used to be called
API call in the past. Why aren't you
using MCP server client and clients?
Well, we're going to get there, right?
Well, are you how are you going to do an
inspection of identity? We're going to
register the identity somewhere else
like
>> what's an agent? How are you going to be
delegated? So, there's like so many
questions from an execution perspective
from how the industry evolves that
>> it's not quite keeps me up in mic. We
talk about this every day. We have a
team of people getting together every
day for two hours and we read everything
we didn't talk about saying what do you
think about this? What do you think
about that? Because when you don't have
an expert, then hopefully the collective
wisdom of six or seven smart people,
those people who I bring together every
week, every two, three times is probably
better. So we're constantly trying to
paint a picture of how the world of AI
is going to evolve. So we're building
our opinion and based on that, we have
to design a product.
>> Mhm.
>> So that's that's extremely bleeding
edge,
>> right? And if we want to be the cyber
security partner of choice, we have to
be able to go with the bleeding edge
capability and tell our customer, look,
>> you have a problem, we're solving it
faster than anybody else and we can help
you deploy AI securely. So that's kind
of what
>> what it's kind of exciting, a little
bothersome because, you know, you got to
keep understanding. You got to think
like, holy were I just here? What
do we do with that now?
>> Yeah. As as you've been thinking deeply
about AI, have you thought about it from
a broader societal perspective, impact
of the world? Like there's are there
specific threads that you think about
most or worry about most or optimistic
about most?
>> I'm going to stick with Sarah's
characterization of me as one of the
more optimistic people about these
things. I'm going to expand that beyond
cyber security. Like
>> I think it's exciting technology. You
know, you've been in Silicon Valley for
a long time. You've been in Silicon
Valley for you've been investing for so
long. The intensity, the excitement is
palpable, right? Like you can't turn
around.
>> It's really fun again. Yeah.
>> It's really fun again, right? like
you're you're like you can have dinners,
you can debate all kinds of arcane
topics and I'm pretty sure you can find
lots of people with different opinions
and there's so many different directions
you can go to. You can talk about policy
implications, you talk about rappers,
you can talk about LMS, you can talk
about infrastructure. It's like a whole
new technological wave which has so many
implications and majorly disruptive
implications. So from that perspective,
I think it's exciting. Does every
technology come as a double-edged sword?
Of course it does. You know, every
revolution in history has come as a
double-edged sword. So why not this one?
>> Mhm.
>> You have to believe in the power.
There's more good people in the world
than bad people.
>> The good people will hopefully continue
to make sure that the bad things get
controlled. Now, is it going to are we
is some bad things going to happen? Most
likely.
>> Mhm.
>> Are we going to find a way around it?
Most likely and hopefully. We power
through a pandemic for crying Allah.
>> Awesome. Thank you, Nikesh.
>> Yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you for
your time. Appreciate it.
[Music]
>> Find us on Twitter at No Prior Pod.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel if you
want to see our faces. Follow the show
on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever
you listen. That way, you get a new
episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts for every
episode at no-bers.com.